Add fingerprint processor (#7631)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ingest-pipelines/processors/index-processors.md

`dot_expander` | Expands a field with dots into an object field. 
`drop` |Drops a document without indexing it or raising any errors.
`fail` | Raises an exception and stops the execution of a pipeline. 

> `fingerprint` | Generate hash value for specified fields or all fields in a document. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`fingerprint` | Generates a hash value for either certain specified fields or all fields in a document. 
```
